aunt
Long time no see.
I want you to let me go
I came to you, I'm guilty
What about Xiao Chen, let that trash come out to me?
You are auntie
Don't call me auntie
I don't have an immaterial son-in-law like you
I haven't seen my aunt for so many years
Why are you so cold to our family?
Your family
It seems that you really have a wedding
Ok then I ask you
Why don't you help the Su family?
Sign the contract with Sun Group
Auntie Xiao Chen
He said that Xiao Chen is not even a member of the Su family
You listen to him.
It seems that Junior Sister is right
You were really scared and drugged by him.
Auntie, don't listen to Junior Sister, I don't want to listen to your explanation
I'll just ask you one question.
If you still think you are from the Su family
Then sign the Sun Group contract for me
Right now, right now.
aunt
Cut off on the road
Leave a beggar